dear diary,

today was a mostly mediocre day as days go, i did get to munch on an entire bar of toblerone (oml) and the labs were nice, lexical analysis is kinda fun not gonna lie.

today's prompt is "What accomplishments am I most proud of" courtesy anuhya

i honestly can't think of much to write for this, which is probably why she gave me this prompt in the first place. if you ask me, i haven't accomplished much in life at all, i mean, sure I have a bunch of medals and shit from competitions and exams and stuff but do they really _mean_ anything, i think that's the real question to be asked.

which would also mean that we have to start from that point, what does an achievement mean to me, or rather, what does it take for an achievement to mean something to me, or maybe even simpler, what does it take for something to feel like an achievement to me. it could be anything honestly, like the fact that I'm even talking to anuhya all this much is an achievement to me, because im so goddamn bad at talking to girls, or it could be the fact that I actually finally decided to actively stop saying to yes to everything and everyone and establish some boundaries, or smth like that. my point is that for me, the smallest things can be an achievement but sometimes the bigger things can just not mean as much. so maybe we'd be better off thinking of achievements in a personal sense and achievements in a work/study sense, where one is more objective and one is more subjective. well, one would think that work/studychievements (yes i combined those words, no that's not a real word) are more objective but you'd be surprised at how bullheaded I am about this stuff.

if i rack my brains really really hard, i could probably come up with a "satisfactory" answer, but I think what I'm probably most proud of is myself, which is funny because the biggest disappointment in my life is also myself. that was a joke (mostly). i am proud of some traits of mine but i also think that some other traits need to be changed, but i don't really think that counts as an "achievement" per se. i mean yeah, personal progress is a kind of achievement in itself, but it's incremental ergo the singular achievements themselves don't mean much in comparison to much bigger personal milestones like beating a horrible injury or getting a girlfriend or something. i don't know I'm just rambling at this point.

the bottom line is that I'm most proud of my progress in life. yes i know, i was just talking about how it's incremental and probably too small, but in this context i mean my progress as a whole, as a person, as a friend, as a student, etc. I'm proud of how I'm getting better at saying no to people, I'm proud of how I'm slowly getting better at what i do and learning more things, I'm proud of being able to (atleast somewhat) learning from my mistakes and from myself. cringe.