dear diary,

today's prompts (yes plural) are "what's something that happened today that actually made me happy, what are my biggest fears and why do they hold me back?, and if i had to pick a song to describe myself, what song would it be and why?" of course, courtesy anuhya

okay so that's a lot of things so let's unpack it one by one. I'm just a silly functional programmer at heart, one by one brings me a lot of joy allow it.

what happened on 4th of January that really made me happy? i honestly don't remember the 4th that well, but I think it was the day I played tennis after a really long time. now it's besides the point that I fell sick the next day but it was so much fun playing tennis, after what almost a year? so yeah that made me quite happy.

what are my biggest tears and why do they hold me back? now this is a little bit of a bigger, or rather heavier question that I'll probably need a little bit more time to unpack. i feel like my biggest fears have always been people leaving due to something I did and my uncertainty/reluctance to interact with new people. i cannot compliment someone without overthinking it to hell and back, and I think that the reluctance to meet new people comes from an intense wish to just not come off as creepy. i don't want to creep people out and I go to some very extreme measures to make sure I don't do that, which is definitely a bad thing. to be fair, that is something that ties back to my fear of losing people so I guess that is my single biggest fear 😭😭.

now how does it affect me? in many ways actually, it has led me to become a people pleaser through and through, which is something I'm slowly straightening myself out on. like I mentioned before, it has also made sure that I'm super paranoid about coming off as creepy and makes me overthink everything I do and say to people, especially people I don't know that well/people I have/had beef with. the awkwardness puts me in a really really bad spot mentally and otherwise and yeah, its just a messy thing. maybe we'll go into this more on a different day, I'm already overdue on prompts.

now, what song do I think describes me best. i would say that it would probably be `I don't know me like you do` by `Low Hum`. as for why, that's why I even started journaling loll, to know more about myself.

